The method for developing a contingency plan for a business described in the course book (Priniples of Incident Response and Disaster Recovery) and the enisa paper has been adapted for obtaining the present result (the business contingency plan). Therefore, the result is solid, as it covers all the important sections described in the book and in class.
Due to the lack of time and ressources, and the fact, that the business is fictional, the contingency plan is not complete. We've purposely left out the "Scenario Priority Document" and only focused on the, in our opinion, most critical scenarios, because of the limitations of the project.
As mentioned before, the contingency plan is not complete, so the quality can not be at the highest peak. Nonetheless, the overall quality of the present plan is good from our point of view. This, of course, is a very subjective measurement, because we're not security experts (yet) and don't have the experience necessary for developing and evaluating a business contingency plan.
The sources and references we used all over the project are the course book "Principles of Incident Response and Disaster Recovery" by Michael E. Whitman et. al. and the enisa paper. The contingency plan template from the book, was also adapted. Since these sources are the recommended and "best" ones available, the use of them is reasonable.
Since the present result is based on the method described in the book and the enisa paper, the logical consistency is strong.
The quality is generally clear and concise, though there are some places where it could benefit from a better language structure. When the reader reads this entire report they might be able to distinguish the different authors of the report. Since we’ve been using templates from the book, the present result has a good quality of structure, which gives a good quality of the text.
Compared to an average contingency plan, the present one is shorter, but still covering the most important sections from the book. This makes it a very dense but clear document.
Because LaTeX has been used to write the present plan and tables and figures are based on the tables and figures used in the book, the quality of the figures and tables is quite high. Although, some should be shorter in order to make it more comprehensible.
Grade proposal: We think we deserve a "B": Overall, we believe the present document has a good quality in terms of scientific content, methodology and presentation. We put a lot of effort into completing this project and tried to do it as best as we could.
